README.md, before:

# The Algoritms - Python

### All Algorithms implemented in Python!

These are for demonstration purposes only. There are many implementations of sorts in the Python standard library that are much better for performance reasons.

## Sorting Algorithms

### Binary
Add comments here

### Bubble
![alt text][bubble-image]

From [Wikipedia][bubble-wiki]: Bubble sort, sometimes referred to as sinking sort, is a simple sorting algorithm that repeatedly steps through the list to be sorted, compares each pair of adjacent items and swaps them if they are in the wrong order. The pass through the list is repeated until no swaps are needed, which indicates that the list is sorted.

__Properties__
* Worst case performance	O(n^2)
* Best case performance	O(n)
* Average case performance	O(n^2)


###### View the algorithm in [action][bubble-toptal]


### Caesar
Add comments here

### Insertion
![alt text][insertion-image]

From [Wikipedia][insertion-wiki]: Insertion sort is a simple sorting algorithm that builds the final sorted array (or list) one item at a time. It is much less efficient on large lists than more advanced algorithms such as quicksort, heapsort, or merge sort.

__Properties__
* Worst case performance	O(n^2)
* Best case performance	O(n)
* Average case performance	O(n^2)


###### View the algorithm in [action][insertion-toptal]


## Quick
![alt text][quick-image]

From [Wikipedia][quick-wiki]: Quicksort (sometimes called partition-exchange sort) is an efficient sorting algorithm, serving as a systematic method for placing the elements of an array in order.

__Properties__
* Worst case performance	O(n^2)
* Best case performance	O(n log n) or O(n) with three-way partition
* Average case performance	O(n^2)


###### View the algorithm in [action][quick-toptal]

[bubble-toptal]: https://www.toptal.com/developers/sorting-algorithms/bubble-sort
[bubble-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bubble_sort
[bubble-image]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/83/Bubblesort-edited-color.svg/220px-Bubblesort-edited-color.svg.png "Bubble Sort"

[insertion-toptal]: https://www.toptal.com/developers/sorting-algorithms/insertion-sort
[insertion-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insertion_sort
[insertion-image]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/Insertionsort-edited.png "Insertion Sort"

[quick-toptal]: https://www.toptal.com/developers/sorting-algorithms/quick-sort
[quick-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quicksort
[quick-image]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/Sorting_quicksort_anim.gif "Quick Sort"

Commit message:

Improved MergeSort.py
* Added Python3 support

README.md, after:

# The Algoritms - Python

### All Algorithms implemented in Python!

These are for demonstration purposes only. There are many implementations of sorts in the Python standard library that are much better for performance reasons.

## Sorting Algorithms

### Binary
Add comments here

### Bubble
![alt text][bubble-image]

From [Wikipedia][bubble-wiki]: Bubble sort, sometimes referred to as sinking sort, is a simple sorting algorithm that repeatedly steps through the list to be sorted, compares each pair of adjacent items and swaps them if they are in the wrong order. The pass through the list is repeated until no swaps are needed, which indicates that the list is sorted.

__Properties__
* Worst case performance	O(n^2)
* Best case performance	O(n)
* Average case performance	O(n^2)

###### View the algorithm in [action][bubble-toptal]



### Insertion
![alt text][insertion-image]

From [Wikipedia][insertion-wiki]: Insertion sort is a simple sorting algorithm that builds the final sorted array (or list) one item at a time. It is much less efficient on large lists than more advanced algorithms such as quicksort, heapsort, or merge sort.

__Properties__
* Worst case performance	O(n^2)
* Best case performance	O(n)
* Average case performance	O(n^2)

###### View the algorithm in [action][insertion-toptal]


## Merge
![alt text][merge-image]

From [Wikipedia][merge-wiki]: In computer science, merge sort (also commonly spelled mergesort) is an efficient, general-purpose, comparison-based sorting algorithm. Most implementations produce a stable sort, which means that the implementation preserves the input order of equal elements in the sorted output. Mergesort is a divide and conquer algorithm that was invented by John von Neumann in 1945.

__Properties__
* Worst case performance	O(n log n)
* Best case performance	O(n)
* Average case performance	O(n)


###### View the algorithm in [action][merge-toptal]

## Quick
![alt text][quick-image]

From [Wikipedia][quick-wiki]: Quicksort (sometimes called partition-exchange sort) is an efficient sorting algorithm, serving as a systematic method for placing the elements of an array in order.

__Properties__
* Worst case performance	O(n^2)
* Best case performance	O(n log n) or O(n) with three-way partition
* Average case performance	O(n^2)

###### View the algorithm in [action][quick-toptal]


## Search Algorithms

### Linear
Add comments here

## Ciphers

### Caesar
Add comments here

[bubble-toptal]: https://www.toptal.com/developers/sorting-algorithms/bubble-sort
[bubble-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bubble_sort
[bubble-image]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/83/Bubblesort-edited-color.svg/220px-Bubblesort-edited-color.svg.png "Bubble Sort"

[insertion-toptal]: https://www.toptal.com/developers/sorting-algorithms/insertion-sort
[insertion-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insertion_sort
[insertion-image]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/Insertionsort-edited.png "Insertion Sort"

[quick-toptal]: https://www.toptal.com/developers/sorting-algorithms/quick-sort
[quick-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quicksort
[quick-image]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/Sorting_quicksort_anim.gif "Quick Sort"

[merge-toptal]: https://www.toptal.com/developers/sorting-algorithms/merge-sort
[merge-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merge_sort
[merge-image]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/Merge-sort-example-300px.gif "Merge Sort"
